Turnabout Teller


Bailiff: Mr. Forenz, court is about to begin.
Ouran: …
Ouran: huh?
Nekocchi: Oh nyan, get up you silly baka-chan
Ouran: Shut up, I’m up jeez.
Ouran (thought): I’m Ouran Forenz, a defense attorney.
Nekocchi: We need to be in court soon nyan-desu. ->_<-
Ouran: I know I’m coming.
Ouran (thought): That’s Nekocchi. She’s incredibly annoying, I don’t know why I keep her around.
Ouran (thought): Sometimes she annoys witnesses so much that it encourages them to talk just to make her go away.
Ouran: Well time to go in I suppose.
Nekocchi: Let’s go get a sugoi acquittal Ouran-kun!!!
Ouran: I hate you so much.
---Courtroom A  May 22nd, 2:34 PM.---
*gavel slam*
Judge: Court is now in session for the trial Gilligan Tam. Is the prosecution ready?
Mel Practiss: The prosecution is… r-r-ready I suppose.
Ouran Forenz: The Defense is ready your honor.
Judge: Prosecution, call your first witness.
Mel: The prosecution calls Mr. Bloodhound I MEAN
Mel: Detective Bluthund.
Nekocchi: Nyan? This is going super super super fast!!! ^o^
Ouran: Please stop…
---Bluthund takes the stand---
Mel: Please state your name and profession.
Bluthund: My name is Patrick Bluthund, homicide division. I sniff out criminals and this dude is one of them!
Ouran: Ummm, that’s a dog…
Mel: What are you talking about, this is Patrick Bluthund?
Ouran: That’s a dog in a trench coat are you blind?
Judge: I will not have you slander the witness this way Mr. Forenz.
Judge: This is one of the best detectives in the homicide division.
Ouran: He even said he sniffs out criminals. That is an anthropomorphic dog.
Nekocchi: Ummm Ouran-san, I think you should stop now.
Nekocchi: Your being a bigger baka than normal nyan-desu~~
Ouran: Ahhh… Ok whatever. As long as he does his job.
Bluthund: Don’t worry man, I get it a lot for some reason. I’m used to it.
Bluthund: By the way...
Bluthund: I got the preliminary autopsy report right here in case you want to review it.
Bluthund: His cause of death was blunt force trauma.
Ouran: You say preliminary right?
Bluthund: Yes but it’s pretty accurate. They are just checking some other stuff right now.
Bluthund: We will be informed if they update it.
Ouran: Perfect.
---You got the autopsy report---
Nekocchi: Ouran-kun desu, if you want to peep into the sugoi court record, use the arrow keys to navigatilate to the Record button and pressity press Z.
Nekocchi: Use the arrow keys and Z for other menu options too!!! (OuO)->-
Ouran: I know how to be a lawyer just let me handle this.
Nekocchi: Well sumimasen Ouran I guess you are a professional or something…
Ouran: I am.
Ouran (thought): I should check the court record frequently. All the information I could ever need is in there.
Bluthund: I got more for you. The victim was Al Protecc, a security guard at Fat Stacks Bank.
Bluthund: Here’s a photo of him when he was alive.
---Photo of Al---
Bluthund: He was murdered on the night of May 20th.
---Picture of body and message displayed---
Bluthund: A witness found the body the next morning. As you can see, this dying message implicates your client a lot.
Ouran: I’m a little confused. My client’s name is Gilligan Tam.
Gilligan: THATS ME
Ouran: Gilligan, you shouldn’t be speaking. I’m your attorney, you need to trust me.
Gilligan: Well I just wanted to let you know that Gill is my nickname. I’m Gill T!
Bluthund: THAT’S A CONFESSION!!!
Ouran: Wait what! No…
Ouran: That’s not how it works. His name is Gill T... 
Ouran (thought): This isn’t going well…
---Get Picture of Body---
Bluthund: The murder weapon was a stick found at the scene. It was covered in Mr. Protecc’s blood.
Nekocchi: OwO B-blood???
Bluthund: Yes blood. This was a murder after all.
Nekocchi: Nani? No one told me someone got murdered desu~~ <~_~>
Ouran: I told you multiple times. You reacted like this every time, how can you not remember?
Bluthund: Anyway the stick was nothing special. Just something from outside on the ground.
---Get Big Stick---
Mel: Thank you Detective. Can you testify about some of your reasoning?
Bluthund: Sure can!
---CROSS EXAMINATION DETECTIVE BLUTHUND: GILLIGAN’S CRIME---
S1: The body was found in the morning.
S2: We know Al was alive at 5:30 PM.
S3: We also know Gill’s shift ended at around the same time.
S4: It stands to reason Gill offed him at around 5:30-6:00. (Present Autopsy Report)
S5: That’s my reasoning and I’m sticking with it.
Ouran: Detective I expected more of you.
Ouran (thought): Well not really, he’s a dog…
Nekocchi: You find something nyan? (*_*()<
Ouran: Oh yeah. Now I just need to PRESENT the contradiction…
Ouran (thought): My court record is my greatest weapon. I need to use it to prove Gill is innocent.
Bluthund: Here’s the log of those two punching their cards.
---Get Work Log--- 
Judge: Please begin your cross-examination.
S1 Press:
Ouran: Who discovered the body?
Bluthund: Can’t tell you that man.
Bluthund: What I can tell you is that it was discovered when some people showed up for work the next morning.
Ouran: so around 9 AM?
Bluthund: Yeah around 9.
S2 Press:
Ouran: How exactly do you know that?
Bluthund: Co-workers testified they saw him punching his card at the time.
Ouran: So his shift ended then.
Bluthund: No it started. Al Protecc was a security guard.
Ouran: Right I knew that…
Ouran (thought): I should remember to check the profile section of the court record.
Ouran (thought): That way I can remember who is involved in the case.
S3 Press:
Ouran: So my client’s shift ended at 5:30?
Bluthund: That’s right! The same time as Al.
Bluthund: HE MUST BE THE CULPRIT!!!
Ouran: Detective Bluthund, were those the only two whose shift ended at 5:30?
Bluthund: Nah, there were others… But still…
S4 Press:
Ouran:What makes you think that?
Bluthund: Well he was there at the same time.
Ouran: And? There were other workers.
Bluthund: But the dying message! It must be him!
Ouran (thought): Damn that message. It’s pretty damning evidence…
Ouran (thought): But there was something else wrong with that statement…
S5 Press:
Ouran: That’s awful stubborn of you.
Bluthund: I’m never wrong! When I find a suspect, it’s always them!
Ouran: Always?
Bluthund: Well, maybe not always…
Ouran: Detective, please just stick to the facts of the case…
Bluthund: You got it!
Cross Examine Repeat Text (CERT):
Nekocchi: Well I guess it was him then desu~~
Nekocchi: I think we should give up Ouran-kun (;_;)--/
Ouran: No his testimony is flawed.
Ouran: I just need to PRESENT the evidence against the incorrect statement.
Ouran: That’s how we point out the contradiction!
Cross Examination Complete
Ouran: Detective, you said al must have died from 5:30-6:00 correct?
Bluthund: Yeah so?
Ouran: Well there’s where you’re wrong!
Ouran: According to this autopsy report the victim died sometime between 9:45-10:30 PM.
Nekocchi: Hontou?!?! Great job Ouran desu~~
Bluthund: Ahahahaha.
Ouran: What’s so funny.
Bluthund: Well I was just testing you Mr. Forenz.
Ouran (thought): Really? Just a test? Sure…
Bluthund: You don’t think I know that?
Mel: Well this is news to me!?!
Mel: Detective please don’t lie on the stand…
Bluthund: No problem. Besides we have evidence showing him entering the bank at 9:50 PM.
Ouran: Hmmm..?
Ouran: WHAT!!?!??!?
Nekocchi: Nani?! OwO
Mel: Y-yes now I remember…
Mel: Security Cameras caught him entering the back of the bank at 9:50 PM.
Bluthund: Yes. They also caught him leaving at 10:00 PM.
Bluthund: Al Protecc was shown on the cameras at 5:30 when he started his shift.
Bluthund: The cameras don’t show anyone else.
Nekocchi: Itai!
Ouran: Oh no desu…
Ouran: Wait, ignore that!
Ouran (thought): Nekocchi is a bad influence on me.
Nekocchi: Well this isn’t good at all Nyan…
--- Get Security Footage---
Mel: Well now Judge, between the dying message and this footage, I believe we are ready for a verdict…
Judge: Hmmm, I suppose you’re right…
Ouran: Wait, Detective. Why don’t you testify about the dying message. I’d like to hear more about that.
Bluthund: No problem. Watch this smooth testimony and hear it well.
---CROSS EXAMINATION DETECTIVE BLUTHUND: DYING MESSAGE---
S1: When the body was found, a message was found next to him.
S2: It very clearly says GILL T, that’s your client man.
S3: There’s even blood on is finger showing he wrote it.
S3 A: He wrote the message using his right hand, can’t you see? (Present Photo of Al)
S4: He must have written the message after he got hit. (Present Updated Autopsy)
S5: Luckily he did, now we can catch the culprit.
Bluthund: Well, what do you think. Pretty solid.
Bluthund: LOCK HIM UP!!!
Ouran: Now hang on, I still need to do my cross-examination.
Judge: Yes that will be allowed. Please begin your cross-examination.
S1 Press:
Ouran: Tell me more about the discovery.
Bluthund: Well another witness we have discovered the body when he went into work the next day.
Ouran: Who is this witness?
Bluthund: AHAHAHAHA. I’m not telling you that. I have no reason to.
Ouran (thought): If I want to know more about this mystery witness I need them on the stand…
Ouran (thought): I need to get through this mutt first.
S2 Press:
Ouran: So your saying the message implicates my client?
Bluthund: Sure does. Look at it!
Ouran: How do you know it was the victim who wrote it.
Bluthund: Anyone with eyes can tell. You see.
S3 Press:
Ouran: So the victim wrote the message?
Bluthund: Sure did. Look, his right finger has blood on it.
Ouran (thought): Right..?
Bluthund: He wrote the message with his right hand, can’t you see?
Ouran: I’d like you to add that to your testimony please.
Bluthund: Really? Alrighty then.
Judge: Yes please do.
---S3 A added to testimony---
S3 A Press:
Ouran: Your claim is that the victim wrote his dying message using his right hand?
Bluthund: Yup!
Bluthund: Jeez you just asked this. Do you have anything new to ask?
Ouran: Well I guess not…
Judge: Please don’t hound the witness Mr. Forenz.
Ouran: You got it… (thought) hound?
S4 Press:
Ouran: So after he was hit with the stick he wrote the message right before his death?
Bluthund: Yeah pal. This is often the case.
Bluthund: Not everyone dies instantly. Usually they are alive for seconds or minutes after the initial trauma.
Ouran: Interesting.
Nekocchi: Nyan?
S5 Press:
Ouran: That’s conjecture!
Bluthund: It’s a reasonable hypothesis based off of evidence and a professional’s expert opinion.
Nekocchi: Nyan~~desu he has a point.
Ouran: Well it’s my job to prove the evidence is unreliable.
Ouran: And show that my client couldn’t have done it!!!
CERT:
Nekocchi: Nyan his testimony is pretty solid desu~~~0_0
Ouran: That’s why we need to PRESS for more information.
Ouran: We can use this to get new testimony, evidence, or other information.
Presenting at S3 A:
Ouran: Detective it seems you’ve made an error.
Bluthund: Huh, in what way?
Ouran: Take a look at this picture. Notice anything interesting?
Mel: I see. You claim the victim is left handed since he’s holding the mug in his left hand.
Ouran: Yeah. (thought) How did he know that’s what I was going to say?
Mel: I noticed that as well, so I looked into it beforehand.
Mel: Testimony from family and friends state that he is ambidextrous.
Mel: He can use both his left and right hands.
Ouran: Now your just making up words!
Mel: What?
Ouran: Am-bee-dex-ter-us? You think a made up word like that will fly?
Ouran: This is a court of law, act serious.
Ouran: Honestly, being able to use both hands. Ridiculous.
Judge: Ummm, Mr. Forenz?
Ouran: Yes your honor?
Judge: What on earth are you talking about? Do you really not know the word ambidextrous?
Ouran: Wait…
Ouran: What?
Nekocchi: Even I know that you baka ~~nyan~~UwU
Bluthund: Yeah really man. That won’t work.
Ouran: Ok fine, I concede that this word exists, and that the victim was….
Ouran: Ambeedextrus.
Nekocchi: Close enough…
Ouran (thought): Crap! What do I do now? I’m out of leads…
Bailiff: I have news! I bear this updated autopsy report and humbly present it to court.
Bailiff: So that it’s wonder and magnificence may shine upon all within this room.
Ouran: Thank you?
---Autopsy Report Updated---
Ouran: Maybe this contains some new information. I should read it over.
Judge: Detective Bluthund please resume your testimony.
Cross-Examination Complete
Ouran: Tsk tsk Bluthund…
Ouran: Your initial logic may have been sound, but I shall gloriously point out this contradiction.
Bailiff: GLORIOUS!
Bluthund: Geez, just get on with it.
Ouran: It is your claim that after being hit, the victim wrote a dying message.
Ouran: However according to this new autopsy, the victim died instantly!
Ouran: So? What do you have to say to that?
Bluthund: WOOF!!!
Bluthund: I guess you’re right.
Ouran: So why would my client implicate himself with the message?
Bluthund: Smart criminals try to do things a criminal would never do.
Bluthund: I’ve had cases where the criminal is the one to call the cops.
Bluthund: It’s an attempt to divert suspicion.
Ouran: Come on Detective!
Bluthund: But I will concede, this is a pretty big blow to the prosecution’s case…
Mel: Not so fast…
Mel: I have…
Mel: A f-few things…
Ouran: Like what?
Nekocchi: I haven’t had a line in a while desu~~
Mel: I have a witness to call.
Mel: Security guard on the day shift, Enrico Nocent.
Judge: I see. We will take a short 15 minute recess then reconvene. Court is dismissed.
*gavel slam*
---Defendant’s Lobby C May 22nd, 3:01---
Ouran: Lobby C huh?
Ouran: I thought there were only 2 lobbies.
Nekocchi: Me too desu. Guess not OwO.
Gilligan: Thanks Forenz!
Ouran: We aren’t out of the woods yet.
Nekocchi: Woods! I’m afraid of trees!
*leaves*
Ouran: I think we can do this. I believe in your innocence.
Gilligan: Thanks.
Ouran: We never got a good chance to talk. What exactly happened when you went into the bank that night.
Gilligan: Well I had left some papers in the back. But I didn’t know where.
Gilligan: I saw Al alive when I went. He helped me find the papers. I left right away once I found them.
Ouran: So he was alive at the time.
Bailiff: Court is reconvening.
Ouran: Good, Nekocchi isn’t back yet.
Nekocchi: Did you summon me Ouran-kun nyan desu OwU
Ouran (thought): Why…
---Courtroom A May 22nd, 3:09---
Judge: Court is now in session.
Mel: The prosecution now calls Enrico Nocent to the stand.
---Enrico takes stand---
Enrico: Hellllllllooooo
Enrico: Enrico Nocent is my name, but you can call me En.
Ouran: We will not.
Nekocchi: I will En-chan desu.
Enrico: Niiicee.
Mel: Please maybe state your profession?
Enrico: I’m a guard on the day shift at Fat Stacks Banking.
Mel: Please testify about the security at Fat Stacks.
Enrico: For surrreee.
---CROSS EXAMINATION ENRICO NOCENT: SECURITY---
S1: The bank is locked down tiiiiight. The only ways to get in are locked.
S2: Employees have a key to unlock these doors in case of an e-mer-gen-cy.
*display layout*
S3: The back of the bank is only for employeeees. Yeah. It’s also where the money is stored.
S4: Cameras are positioned to watch both hallways leading to the back. Oh yeah.
S5: Gill T here is seen going to the back.
S6: Clearly he is going back there to off our good friend Al. (Present Big Stick)
Enrico: And there you have it!
Enrico: Gill T is guil-ty. Can I go home now?
Enrico: I think I left some coookiesssss in my ovveeennn.
Ouran: Why? You knew you were going to be here. Why did you start baking cookies?
Judge: Please Mr. Forenz, save it for the cross-examination.
Ouran: That diagram, can I see it again?
Enrico: See it? It’s all yours man. It’s giving me some baaaaad vibes you know?
Ouran: Sure whatever.
---Get Floor Plan of Fat Stacks---
S1 Press:
Ouran: What ways are there to get in?
Enrico: Welllllll. You can enter through the frooont door.
Enrico: Or the seccurrrity door.
Enrico: Only security can go through there.
Ouran: I surmised as much.
S2 Press:
Ouran: So any employee could have entered?
Enrico: There is a camera at the front door tooooo.
Enrico: It just shows Gill T entering and leaving. Pretty irrelevant riiiight?
Ouran: Yeah, I guess…
Nekocchi: I don’t think that camera matters too much nyan.
S3 Press:
Ouran: Only for employees?
Enrico: Yeeeaahhh. Patrons are not allowed back there. Biiiggg no no.
Ouran: But since they money is there too…
Ouran: It needs to be monitored.
Enrico: Exaclttttly. That’s why Al was there. As well it’s why…
S4 Press:
Ouran: So they would see anyone heading to the back?
Enrico: Yes indeed!!! They watch the two main hallllls.
Nekocchi: Oooh exciting! Are there any blind spots En-chan?~~(&o&)?
Enrico: The cameras don’t actually watch the back, only the main hallways.
Enrico: But what’s really important is…
S5 Press:
Ouran: Going to the back isn’t enough to convince this court of his guilt!
Enrico: It is for me.
Bluthund: And me.
Nekocchi: And me~~
Judge: And me if you don’t get back on track with this cross-examination.
S6 Press:
Ouran: So he at this point has an intent to kill?
Ouran: You are making the claim that this murder is of the first degree!
Enrico: Well yes, isn’t that what this trial is for?
Ouran: Yeah I know, I’m just trying to sound dramatic.
Judge: Please stay focused Forenz…
CERT:
Ouran: Enrico is saying Gilligan went to the back to kill Al.
Nekocchi: Makes sense, this is first degree murder…
Ouran: Alleged.
Nekocchi: Hontou? Oh well whatever nyan.
Nekocchi: But it feels like something is missing…
Ouran (thought): Hmm. Wonder what…
Cross Examination Complete:
Ouran: Witness, I believe you’ve made a strong assumption…
Enrico: Huh… In what way?
Ouran: If Gilligan truly was planning on murdering Al…
Ouran: He would have the murder weapon in his possession.
Ouran: But the security footage clearly shows him holding only a single briefcase!
Mel: The stick was in the briefcase.
Ouran: What…
Nekocchi: Nani?
Mel: Well, i-if you make the stick diagonal, it can… can fit in the briefcase perfectly…
Ouran: WHAT!!!
Mel: The prosecution’s case is clear. We request… a verdict I guess…
Ouran: Wait I’m not finished!
Nekocchi: But weren’t there papers in there?
Ouran: What in the briefcase?
Enrico: No way. He’d left his papers in the back of the bank that night. His briefcase was totally free.
Ouran (thought): Wait a minute…
Ouran: Mr. Nocent, how do you know that?
Enrico: Know what?
Ouran: I don’t believe you were informed of that fact.
Ouran: The fact that Gilligan Tam left papers at the bank that night.
Enrico: Oh I uh…
Enrico: I overheard it somewhere.
Bluthund: Hang on. Don’t go saying that. I properly sequestered ya I while ago, you heard nothing of the sort!
Ouran: Thank you Bluthund.
Ouran (thought): He really is man’s best friend.
Ouran: There is only one way you could have known that.
Enrico: H-h-h-how….
Ouran: The only way is if…
Ouran: You saw him that night!!!
Enrico: aaAAAAHHHHHH
Judge: OH MY!
Mel: Mr. Nocent… is... is... is... is that true??
Enrico: Ummmm
Ouran: If not then how did you find out?
Enrico: Oh I remember!
Judge: Please tell the court how you know about this fact.
---CROSS EXAMINATION ENRICO NOCENT: FORBIDDEN KNOWLEDGE---
S1: Well you see I know Gilligan pretty well.
S2: We work together after all…
S3: We got off work at 5:00 and started talking. (Present Work Log)
S4: That’s when he mentioned to me he forgot his papers.
Judge: Well I suppose that explains it.
Ouran: On the contrary dear judge. This is all I need to prove him wrong.
Nekocchi: Are you bluffing again? Stop doing that nyan.~~~~~~
Ouran: No I swear this time I’m not.
Nekocchi: Hontou? Sounds sugoi suspicious…
Ouran: That’s not how you use sugoi… you know what, I don’t care.
Ouran: Let's do the cross-examination already.
S1 Press:
Ouran: You know my client well? This is the first time I’m hearing about this.
Nekocchi: Me too.
Judge: Me too.
Mel: Me too.
Bluthund: Me too.
Ouran: Bluthund why are you still here?
Enrico: Well it’s true, I know Mr. Tam very well.
Ouran: Very well?
Enrico: Oh yeaaaaahh. We. Are. Work. Friends!
Ouran (thought): Wouldn’t exactly call that close…
S2 Press:
Ouran: You may work at the same company but in completely separate departments.
Ouran: How often could you possibly see each other?
Enrico: On occasion my good friend. On. Occasion.
Nekocchi: I see things on occasion! Things no one else can nyan…
Nekocchi: They swirl everywhere. They tell me things…
Nekocchi: Dark things…
Nekocchi: Only I can see them…
Nekocchi: They… Are…
Ouran: Well that’s enough of that. I think we should move on.
S3 Press:
Ouran: You two got off at the same time?
Enrico: Yeah and we talked. Talked for a while about life.
Enrico: General normal stuff that normal people would talk about.
Ouran: Did you now?
Enrico: Yes we did, let’s move riiight along. Moment of truth now...
S4 Press:
Ouran: How did that come up in conversation.
Enrico: Incredibly naturally of course. He mentioned it as an aside. Said he was going to go back later to get them.
Enrico: My guess is he wanted to give his story credibility by telling me that.
Ouran: That… (thought) actually makes a lot of sense. Crap…
Enrico: That’s all, that’s how I know.
CERT:
Nekocchi: His story seems to hold up desu pretty good.
Nekocchi: Oops, I said desu too early desu~~~nyan OwO
Ouran: Well his story has a major hole. Now to point it out.
Cross Examination Complete:
Ouran: Enrico your story makes as much sense as a bank…
Nekocchi: But banks make cents…
Ouran: Ummm… ACTUALLY.
Ouran: Mints are the facilities that produce currency, banks merely store it and use it for things such as loans.
Ouran: Mints provide money to banks, but the banks don’t make the money themselves.
Ouran: In fact while mints do make cents, many believe that mints should cease production of one cent coins.
Nekocchi: Ouran-kun…
Ouran: Since one cent coins actually cost two cents to make, it is actually a financial detriment to continue this.
Nekocchi: Ouran-kun, pls stop Owo.
Ouran: What?
Judge: What was your objection again?
Enrico: I think he was saying I work at a mint?
Ouran: No I’m saying your story is flawed.
Ouran: You claim you got off work at the same time as my client. 5:00 you said.
Enrico: Yeaaah, what is the issuee.
Ouran: Well according to this work log, Mr. Tam didn’t get off of work until 5:30.
Enrico: aawwWWAAAAAA
Nekocchi: Sugoi contradiction Ouran-kun! ~~nyan-desu
Judge: My my,  you are correct. Witness. How did you know Gilligan Tam was there that night to gather papers.
Bluthund: Yeah. You gotta explain yourself.
Enrico: Ahhhhh…. Ummmmmm…..
Ouran: I think I might have an answer…
Nekocchi: This sounds like a bluff Ouran.
Ouran: Absolutely not (thought).... Well yeah pretty much….
Ouran: Enrico Nocent… There is only one way you could have known about Gilligan’s papers…
Enrico: H-h-h-h-how.
Ouran: Enrico Nocent…
Ouran: You were at Fat Stacks Bank that night, weren’t you!
Enrico: uwwaAAAAAAHHHH
Mel: Wait wait… Mr. Forenz… That’s going a b-b-b-b-bit far?
Ouran: NO! IT’S THE ONLY EXPLANATION!!!
Enrico: But, the security tapes don’t show me…
Mel: Yes! Testify about that!
Ouran: Uh oh…
Enrico: Yes! I shall.
---CROSS EXAMINATION ENRICO NOCENT: AIRTIGHT SECURITY---
S1: As we talked about before, this bank is locked up tighhht.
S2: As a security guard myself, I know the ins and outs of the system.
S3: I can confidently say there are no blind spots. (Present floor Plans)
S4: Trust me, I’m a professional.
S5: There’s no way I could have entered.
Ouran: Hmmmmmmm…
Nekocchi: Nyan nyan nya… not good……….~~~ n_n
Enrico: Nothing you can do about the truth.
Ouran: I need to think about this. If this truth is real, that’s it…
Judge: Please begin your cross-examination.
S1 Press:
Ouran: But how tight?
Enrico: Tight.
Ouran: Tight?
Enrico: Tiyight.
Ouran: Tiyight?
Enrico: Tiiiiiiiyyiiyiyiyiyight.
Ouran: I see (thought) What just happened?
S2 Press:
Ouran: So you can confidently testify about this?
Enrico: I know the security of this bank by heart.
Enrico: It’s flawless just like me.
Ouran: Factually incorrect. You are not perfect.
Ouran: No one is as no one is able to reproduce on their own.
Enrico: Oh god what?
Ouran: A single cell organism is closer in that it can asexually reproduce through binary fission.
Ouran: Unfortunately they are small, lack human intellectual capabilities and don’t have opposable thumbs.
Enrico: Just shut up.
Nekocchi: I have disposable thumbs!
Ouran: You mean opposable?
Nekocchi: No silly, I’m a neko I gots paws. I have paws cause I disposed of my thumbs.
Ouran: That’s deeply disturbing…
S3 Press:
Ouran: No blind spots?
Enrico: No blind spots.
Ouran: Then why wasn’t the murder captured on film?
Enrico: Well the back isn’t viewed as much. There is one camera pointed at the vault itself.
Enrico: Then the other two film the hallways leading to the back.
Enrico: No one could have gone into the back without being seen on camera.
Ouran: Hmmmm….
S4 Press:
Ouran: A professional?
Enrico: Yes, a professional.
Ouran: Ok.
S5 Press:
Ouran: So you say.
Enrico: Yes and who is more qualified than me?
Ouran: Maybe someone not being accused of being present at a murder?
Judge: This is a fair point. Your expertise isn’t as credible as it would be otherwise.
Enrico: Trust me judge, I ain’t lying.
Ouran (thought): So you claim…
CERT:
Ouran: We’re so close. I know gilligan didn’t do it.
Nekocchi: But you got to prove it nyan…
Ouran: We need to show that someone else could have been there.
Ouran: And that someone else is Mr. Nocent here.
Cross Examination Complete:
Ouran: Now I know the truth. Mr. Nocent…
Ouran: You were there that night, weren’t you?
Enrico: Didn’t you hear me, the security…
Ouran: Has no blind spots? Think again.
Ouran: You know better than anyone here that there is a blind spot.
Ouran: This diagram clearly shows that.
Enrico: AAAHHHHHHH
Ouran: Someone could have snuck in undetected through the security door.
Ouran: And as you testified, you know the ins and outs of the security system.
Ouran: You could have snuck into the bank undetected.
Enrico: AAAHH
Ouran: you could have seen my client gather his papers.
Ouran: And you could have murdered Al Protecc!!!
Ouran: Well Mr. Nocent? What happened that night.
Enrico: Well….. You-you-you-you see…….
Judge: Please testify as to what you saw.
Enrico: Of course. This will be the whole truth.
Ouran: Wait really judge? He’s lied on the stand frequently already. You are going to let him testify more.?
Judge: Well since you’ve accused him of murder, we must hear his response.
Nekocchi: Yeah Ouran-kun, gotta let that baka speak.
Ouran: Ok… (thought) Time to finish this!
---CROSS EXAMINATION ENRICO NOCENT: THE WHOLE TRUTH---
S1: Ok, yes I was at the bank that night…
S2: But I didn’t murder anybody!
S3: I know because I saw the murder!
S4: It was Gilligan, I saw it!
S5: He hit Al in the head hard with a stick. (Press)
S5A: I vividly remember! Gilligan hit Al in the back of the head. (Present Autopsy Report)
S6: That’s the whole truth.
Ouran: Wait…
Nekocchi: Hang on…
Judge: What did he just say?
Enrico: It’s true.
Ouran: Wow, weird lie.
Nekocchi: I CAN’T BELIEVE HE SAW THE MURDER
Ouran: Nekocchi, he’s obviously lying.
Judge: My goodness, Mr. Nocent why didn’t you tell us this before!
Enrico: Well it was suspicious that I was there, I didn’t want to implicate myself…
Ouran: There’s no way you actually believe that judge?
Judge: Well prove him wrong in your cross examination then Mr. Forenz.
Ouran (thought): This is it, the final battle. I need to expose him right now.
S1 Press:
Ouran: Why were you at the bank?
Enrico: Ummm… Well I also forgot some papers…
Ouran: Really? That’s awfully convenient. Especially since you specifically entered in a way that the cameras couldn’t see you.
Enrico: It’s all a big coincidence I tell you! Please…
Nekocchi: Let’s move on Ouran-kun...desu
S2 Press:
---OBJECTION---
Ouran: You did murder someone. You murdered Al Protecc!!!
Judge: Aren’t you trying to prove that?
Ouran: Yes and I will!
Ouran:...
Ouran: Just… Give me a minute.
S3 Press:
Ouran: You realize withholding information like this…
Ouran: It doesn’t look good.
Enrico: I realize…
Ouran: In fact it seems like a desperate lie.
Enrico: No no, of course not…
Enrico:…
Ouran:... (thought) We aren’t getting anywhere here.
S4 Press:
Ouran: Please explain further. What exactly did you see?
Enrico: Well Gill had that big stick and he used it to kill Al.
Ouran: That’s it?
Enrico: Yes. I’ll say it again for you if you want.
S5 Press:
Ouran: So he Gilligan hit Al?
Enrico: Yes he did.
Ouran: With the stick?
Enrico: Yes.
Ouran: Describe it. How did Al get hit? Give details. We need to know details.
Enrico: I do remember the scene clearly. Gilligan smacked Al hard right in the back of the head.
Ouran: Please add that to your testimony.
Enrico: Can diddly do!
Nekocchi: Man he’s an annoying baka.
Ouran: He is indeed desu… (thought) whoops slipped out.
S5A Press:
Ouran: I need more details. Set the scene for me.
Enrico: A cold moonlit night. A shocking scene. I crept into the bank slowly and softly…
Enrico: Suddenly, I hear a sound. An awful sound. I hear men arguing. A stick is drawn.
Nekocchi: I don’t think that’s what Ouran-kun meant desu…
Ouran: No it is, keep going…
Enrico: A threat! A terrified man. Al stands up and defends himself through the fear. It isn’t enough. Gill runs behind him and WHAM…
Enrico: It’s all over…
Enrico: I stand paralyzed in fear…
Ouran: More details…
Enrico: A fly buzzes by. The only sound around. The thud of the stick resonates as it drops to the ground.
Enrico: Beads of sweat roll down my face. The body is lifeless… Sitting there…
Ouran: What an interesting tale.... Why didn’t you call the police?
Enrico: Well… Look just believe me, it’s all true.
S6 Press:
Ouran: Enrico Nocent…
Enrico: Yes?
Ouran: Listen… I’m realizing now that I don’t have much left to say other than that I know you must be lying.
Enrico: Prove it then!
Ouran: I will.
CERT:
Ouran: This is it, the final confrontation. We have to push through this guy.
Nekocchi: Yeah he’s getting sloppy nyan~~
Ouran: There’s a lie in there somewhere, now to find it.
Cross Examination Complete:
Ouran: The more lies you tell the deeper you dig yourself.
Enrico: What lie? I didn’t t-t-tell a lie…
Ouran: You say you are confident you saw Gilligan hit Al in the back of the head?
Enrico: Yes. Absolutely sure.
Ouran: well according to the Autopsy Al was hit on the top of the head!
Enrico: uuuWWAAAGGHH
Ouran: It’s funny really. Someone as short as Gilligan would have a hard time hitting someone on the top of the head huh?
Enrico: W-w-ell it could happen…
Ouran: No not likely. He would have gone for an easier target. Especially against a trained security guard.
Ouran: It’s far more likely an injury like that was caused by someone of an appropriate height.
Ouran: You are that appropriate height and you were there that night. You intentionally avoided security cameras. It must have been you!!!
Enrico: No no… I wasn’t robbing the bank…
Ouran: What? Robbing? Were you trying to rob the bank?
Enrico: No I didn’t… I just.... Please……..
Enrico (breakdown): NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
Enrico: AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Enrico: Well….. Yeah….
Ouran: So you killed him…
Enrico: No point hiding it…
Ouran: But why?
Enrico: I don’t need to tell you anything.
Ouran: Well “En”, I guess En Nocent was guilty after all.
Nekocchi: Yeah Ouran, we all get the puns you don’t need to point them out you baka ~~nyandesu.
Judge: Well Mr. Forenz great work. You’ve sufficiently proved your client Gilligan Tam could not have committed the crime.
Judge: I shall hand down my verdict.
---NOT GUILTY---
Judge: Court is now adjourned.
---Defendant’s Lobby C May 22nd, 3:57---
Nekocchi: We did it!!! Sugoi!!! Hooray!!!
Ouran: Yes yes, I did it. You were standing next to me.
Nekocchi: It’s called emotional support Ouran-kun… You baka…
Gilligan: Thanks pal… You’re a lifesaver.
Ouran: Don’t mention it. Just doing my job. Defending those who are wrongly accused.
Gilligan: Really though. Who knew my height would save me in the end.
Ouran: Well it’s simple forensic analysis. I knew you were innocent as soon as I got the autopsy.
Gilligan: You were thinking that far ahead?
Ouran: Yes. forensic analysis can cover a wide range of topics, all help us get much closer to the truth.
Ouran: I just love forensics, I use them for everything. Just spread the word, that forensics saved you.
Gilligan: Nah man, you saved me. Forensics helped, but you were the one who…
Ouran: NO!!! Forensics saved you. I am a vessel for forensics to use within the criminal justice system.
Ouran: I am the medium through which forensic science utilizes to assist in solving crimes.
Gilligan: Alright man if you say so. They don’t call you Forenz for nothing.
Ouran: Well yeah, that’s my family name. Why is that relevant.
Gilligan: I was just… Never mind…
Nekocchi: Yeah he’s weird, you can ignore him and praise me.
Gilligan: Well sorry little monstrocity, I have to leave now… I just…
Gilligan: I wish I could see Al’s face, one last time…
Ouran: Maybe I can help… (Present Photo of Al Protecc)
Fail:
Gilligan: How does this help?
Ouran: I’m not sure… Sorry to waste your time.
Succeed:
Gilligan: Aww… thanks pal. I’ll keep this. That helps, thanks man.
Ouran: Well I have no use for it anymore, but you might.
Gilligan: Thank you.
Two Paths Join:
Gilligan: Really, thank you for everything.
Ouran: I hope to meet you again in the future.
Ouran: Maybe I’ll open an account at Fat Stacks?
Gilligan: No don’t do that. Corporate uses the bank as a front for money laundering and drug trades. Whole thing is a scam…
Ouran: Wait really?
Gilligan: Why did you think there was so little security?
Ouran: Hmm… I should notify the police.
Gilligan: You probably should.
---Conclusion---
Ouran: The police later launched a full scale investigation.
Ouran: Billions of dollars worth of drugs were seized and a large criminal empire was taken down.
Ouran: Gilligan Tam was put into witness protection and now lives a happy life across the country.
Ouran: One moment can change someone’s life. This case could have ruined Gilligan’s
Ouran: It’s my job as an attorney to make sure the truth comes out and these innocent lives remain as they are, innocent.
Ouran: I’m Ouran Forenz, Expert attorney at law and forensic investigator.
Ouran: I will continue to pursue the truth.
Ouran: That is my job.